Add example to correspond to text. (#41222)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/extensions/dependency-injection.md

For more information on type disposal, see the [Disposal of services](dependency-injection-guidelines.md#disposal-of-services) section.

Registering a service with only an implementation type is equivalent to registering that service with the same implementation and service type. For example, consider the following code:

```csharp
services.AddSingleton<ExampleService>();
```

This is equivalent to registering the service with both the service and implementation of the same types:

```csharp
services.AddSingleton<ExampleService, ExampleService>();
```

> This is why multiple implementations of a service cannot be registered using the methods that don't take an explicit service type. These methods can register multiple *instances* of a service, but they will all have the same *implementation* type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This equivalency is why multiple implementations of a service can't be registered using the methods that don't take an explicit service type. These methods can register multiple *instances* of a service, but they will all have the same *implementation* type.
```
